README.md, before:

<div align="center" style="font-family:'Roboto Mono', monospace;">

<img src="IMAGE_1_URL" alt="Proton Cat Banner" style="width:100%;max-width:700px;"><br>

# Hi, I'm catmelonllc! 🐾

<p align="center">
  <img src="IMAGE_3_URL" alt="Animated Cat Avatar" width="140"><br>
  <b>HTML & CSS Expert | Green Tea Addict 🍵 | Cat Enthusiast</b>
</p>

---

🌱 **About Me**

- 🐈‍⬛ I’m obsessed with cats (seriously, all my projects have cats in them)
- 💚 My favorite color is green (especially pastel & dark shades)
- 🎨 I thrive in HTML & CSS, but <b>strongly dislike JavaScript</b>
- 🍵 I drink so much green tea, it’s basically my personality
- 👐 I love open source and sharing my code with everyone!

---

## ✨ My Projects

### [blahaj.dedyn.io](https://blahaj.dedyn.io) ([source @catmelonllc/blahaj-pub-website](https://github.com/catmelonllc/blahaj-pub-website))
A playful, cat-filled personal website, crafted with love in pure HTML and CSS (no JavaScript nightmares here!). Feel free to explore or contribute!

### [My Free Media Server](https://copyparty.blahaj.dedyn.io)
Powered by the awesome FOSS file server [copyparty](https://github.com/9001/copyparty) by [@9001/copyparty](https://github.com/9001/copyparty), you can access and share tons of free media. Open to everyone—come say hi!

---

## 🖼️ Gallery

<img src="IMAGE_2_URL" alt="Proton Service Icons" width="440">

---

## 📂 Files

1. ![Proton Cat Banner](IMAGE_1_URL)
2. ![Proton Service Icons](IMAGE_2_URL)
3. ![Animated Cat Avatar](IMAGE_3_URL)

---

<p align="center" style="color:#33cc99;font-weight:bold;font-family:'Roboto Mono', monospace;">
  💚 Thanks for visiting! Stay green & pet more cats! 💚
</p>

</div>

<!--
Replace IMAGE_1_URL, IMAGE_2_URL, and IMAGE_3_URL with the actual image addresses or GitHub CDN links.
To use Roboto Mono, add a <link> to Google Fonts in your site or reference it via CSS if possible.
-->

Commit message:

Revise README content and images
Updated personal information and project descriptions in README.

README.md, after:

<div align="center" style="font-family:'Roboto Mono', monospace;">

<img src="IMG_4088.jpeg" alt="Proton Cat Banner" style="width:100%;max-width:700px;"><br>

# Hi!

<p align="center">
  <img src="IMG_4092.gif" alt="Animated Cat Avatar" width="150"><br>
  <b>HTML & CSS Expert | Addicted to green tea  | Cat Enthusiast</b>
</p>

---

**About Me**

- i really like cats
- my favorite color is green (especially pastel & dark shades)
- I like HTML & CSS alot and use them everyday, but <b>i hate JavaScript</b>
- is this healthy? one green tea maybe 2 a day🫩
- I love open source and sharing my code with everyone. which is why all my repos are licensed with the unlicense

---

## ✨ My Projects

### [blahaj.dedyn.io](https://blahaj.dedyn.io) ([source @catmelonllc/blahaj-pub-website](https://github.com/catmelonllc/blahaj-pub-website))
 my own personnal website! feel free to explore or contribute with a pull request

### [My Free Media Server](https://copyparty.blahaj.dedyn.io)
Powered by the awesome FOSS file server [copyparty](https://github.com/9001/copyparty) by [@9001/copyparty](https://github.com/9001/copyparty), you can access and use all this media! upload your own stuff aswell at the folder named queue-upload-here

---
bye!
</div>

<!--
Replace IMAGE_1_URL, IMAGE_2_URL, and IMAGE_3_URL with the actual image addresses or GitHub CDN links.
To use Roboto Mono, add a <link> to Google Fonts in your site or reference it via CSS if possible.
-->
